.github/pull_request_template.md, before:


##  opendistro-for-elasticsearch/security pull request intake form
_Please provide as much details as possible to get feedback/acceptance on your PR quickly_

 
 1. __Category:__ (_Enhancement, New feature, Bug fix, Test fix, Refactoring, Maintenance, Documentation_)
 
 
 
 2. __Github Issue # or road-map entry, if available:__



 3. __Description of changes:__



 4. __Why these changes are required?__ 



 5. __What is the old behavior before changes and new behavior after changes?__ (_Please add any example/logs/screen-shot if available_)



 6. __Testing done:__ (_Please provide details of testing done: Unit testing, integration testing and manual testing_)
 
 
 
 7. __TO-DOs, if any:__ (_Please describe pending items and provide Github issues# for each of them_)



 8. __Is it backport from master branch?__ (_If yes, please add backport PR # and commits #_)




By submitting this pull request, I confirm that you can use, modify, copy, and redistribute this contribution, under the terms of your choice.

Commit message:

Add the Linux Foundation's Developer Certificate of Origin in pull request template (#1022)

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:


##  opendistro-for-elasticsearch/security pull request intake form
_Please provide as much details as possible to get feedback/acceptance on your PR quickly_

 
 1. __Category:__ (_Enhancement, New feature, Bug fix, Test fix, Refactoring, Maintenance, Documentation_)
 
 
 
 2. __Github Issue # or road-map entry, if available:__



 3. __Description of changes:__



 4. __Why these changes are required?__ 



 5. __What is the old behavior before changes and new behavior after changes?__ (_Please add any example/logs/screen-shot if available_)



 6. __Testing done:__ (_Please provide details of testing done: Unit testing, integration testing and manual testing_)
 
 
 
 7. __TO-DOs, if any:__ (_Please describe pending items and provide Github issues# for each of them_)



 8. __Is it backport from main branch?__ (_If yes, please add backport PR # and commits #_)





By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

(a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
    have the right to submit it under the open source license
    indicated in the file; or

(b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
    of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
    license and I have the right under that license to submit that
    work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
    by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
    permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
    in the file; or

(c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
    person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
    it.

(d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
    are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
    personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
    maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
    this project or the open source license(s) involved.
